plotjuggler readme: refer to openpilot env setup (#25609)
commaai/openpilot: tools/plotjuggler/README.md

## Installation

> Once you've [setup the openpilot dev environment](../README.md), this command will download PlotJuggler and install our plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've [set up the openpilot environment](../README.md), this command will download PlotJuggler and install our plugins:
```
